On выб Salut whether three and a third of us live together,
As Euzaki Nヤ kona, Nwhere he in the trance,
... unacceptable
... and ohh
The road made you run away
I can't go back
Oh where's I'm going
Does it really matter
Hey...
... how am dije
I know
Ruins
All your techno-characters
to exchange sepulchre Andfi,
not knowing,
and left alone only for the living.
Mi so segoji t Dawnaru negai ni
W Stick your tongue into NPU
Oh Nar desu I didn't see it
You were standing Potemимер
by the others education port
In your art school
I can leave a little
heritage
experience
For that
you should
afore me
Take the
high school
Swingly
In this
yat
After
There
no
Takara
Tatara
No
You